of loving no longer existed that kisses are
given away on any
corner I who thought that loving
was just a game but I look at you and I'm
dying to
have you your love to invest my life in
exciting you and
I will win the game
that was
[Music]
lost and I ask Every day that your soul be
my Lía until the last kiss that bids farewell to
this path and I ask every day to always be able to
love you waiting for the moment to have
you in front of me
[Music]
if the world separates I'll stay with you
if tomorrow doesn't dawn I'll stay with you if you
want me to stay I'll stay with you
things matter to me and when I smile I turn around I
'm with you with
you to invest my life in illusion
art and
I will win the game against time that was lost and I ask Every day that your soul be my guide until the last kiss that bids farewell to this path and I ask every day to always be able to love you waiting for the moment to have you in front of me [Music] investing my life in exciting you and I will win the game the time that was
lost and I ask Every day that your soul be
my guide until the last kiss that bids farewell to
this path and I ask every day to always be able to
love you waiting for the moment to have you in
front of me [Music] investing my life in
exciting you and
I will win the game the time that was
lost and I ask Every day that your soul  Be my
guide until the last kiss that says goodbye to
this path And every day I ask to always be able to
love you Waiting for the moment to have you
I from the
[Music]
[Applause] I
promise to bring you breakfast Every
morning I will promise that my life where you
end I don't want false expectations or to
live inside a lie What's yours and
mine is true despite what you
say I will remember that I walk through that
plaza That in shame We couldn't
Even
look at each other The moment came and I took your hand
as we continued walking For the 12
the great
City City City City
City that I want to fall silent
The star in the sky If by my
side I have the most beautiful in the
firmament I don't know if you'll understand what I'm
telling you You have to feel your heart
like a smile For
[Music]
[Applause]
I will tell you that it hurts me That every day When I wake up That if I argue It's to get to know you more There's no fog that can [Music] sure We will go through moments that no That the pain will be so strong That we will think about
leaving But this feeling of ours
will put everything in check
wounds that fall on the soul breathe me
please because this life is
slipping away from us why do I want to see it
shine I want to see the
star shine in the sky
I have the most beautiful one in the
firmament I don't know if you'll understand me and what I'm telling
you is what your heart will feel
like it smiles
Inside I want to I want to
hold you if by my side I have the
firmament I don't know if you'll
understand me there's done that I'm
telling you you have to feel your heart like it
smiles
[Music]
conro tired face eh
tired face today eh I have a face like let's see
but why do I have this tired face it
really seems like I've worked
hard today eh Alan Crespo
welcome welcome friend Thank you very much Thank you very much eh I just realized that I have headphones on but not connected is that okay Estela while people are confirming eh while people are Confirming if you can see the live or not I'm going to finish here configuring a little thing on the camera
I have a tired face eh I have a
tired face eh honestly it's
not that I have done a great
thing today but I think I've been dragging my feet a
bit  TV no it won't turn on the
[ __ ] what's wrong with her I've been
dragging this weekend a bit eh
Pablo the truth is I've been dragging this
weekend a bit man you've killed me I'm
not up for this stuff man I've been
dragging it eh The Movida It's that today with
age the hangover lasts for days plus it's
true Maribel has given me two or three
headaches today eh it's true
but the thing is you know what happens is that
apart from the fact that in itself eh I'm
tired apart from the fact that I'm tired
no because [ __ ] in the end on Saturday the moment
I woke up
running put my things in the suitcase I
left the kids with my father eh and I went
there [ __ ]
great then I have to see what you
talked about on the live Pablo okay but
of course then the next day I
woke up super early man but the thing is that
this is happening to me a lot lately and
they told me that it's like from stress and it's
like But if I'm not very stressed out to be
honest I mean no no I consider that
I am stressed sincerely I mean that's how I
think it goes more or  because of the
energy drink or because of or because of the or because of the
schedule
okay I was talking the other day with a
friend who said
that all week I've been
meeting up with the trainer in the morning that's why
this week there were less live shows
and of course at 12 to 1 sometimes at
11:30 even when night was coming
more or less tired I would go to
bed I go to bed and I fall asleep But
when I go to sleep at decent hours Okay
when I go to sleep at decent hours at 3
4 in the morning my eyes go like this Pam
and I wake up but as you know I mean I
wake up like someone who's
slept 25 hours I wake up again okay
And then the next thing I know I can't sleep I
stay tossing and turning in bed I
can't sleep it's useless Okay and and it's
time for me in the morning I go to the
gym when I come back I have to
go to bed because because I'm dead okay
because I'm dead Pablo's live show is
great Pablo told me what's
happening is I've had to go to the ENT
doctor this month well the first
nose job family day one I get a
nose job are you getting used
to your new schedule and you broke it that
night and it has
affected you Well I don't know but we'll try
and not leave too late from here here I'll be here for
an hour and a half more or less an hour hour and a
half I'll eat okay And I'll go to the
salsería because I do want to go for a bit
because I want to see Pablo live
there with Fran And that Lizardo Lizardo 10
dude today ole his [ __ ] there my Lizardo
Thank you very much Lisardo handsome
and And of course let's see I don't know why that
happened to me that night Of course now when I leave the
gym I have to go to bed I fall asleep at
11:30 in the morning and now
I get up at 4 or 5 in the afternoon and
no man no no no no no there's no
way and the other day well I'll tell you I
mean what time what time did we finish
Pablo drunk as a skunk I eh how
embarrassing how embarrassing Good thing I didn't
Good thing nobody stopped me  Good thing
everyone stopped for Pablo
man I think it was around 6:30
Pablo dropped us off at the hotel because
obviously I couldn't take the car anymore
because once I started drinking I
left the car where I had put it in the
parking lot where I had put it and I didn't
take it out until the next day
obviously
if you drink if you drink don't take the car at
6:30 you left me No well man at 1
I think I woke up or I don't know if
even before 1 uh I think at 1
I woke up and I couldn't sleep but I
woke up with the same headache man I
woke up with the same headache and you know you
know what happened to me that I haven't told you um I
was hungry okay And well I needed to have
breakfast or lunch or whatever to stop
to see if I felt better
okay And then when we left the
hotel instead of instead of taking and
stopping to have some toast which
was the thing to do directly there was a taxi
at the door I say come on  I take it now
when I get in the car we stop at a
King in a King car some McDonald's
or whatever okay soo and when I was
leaving Madrid Look I wanted there are a
couple of YouTubers that I would have
liked to have hit to have hit okay some
of the ones that were there to
give them a big hug and I was already going to
Seville Okay and but I felt really
bad I felt fatigued my
head hurt and I said what's up Lorena let's go
now I'm not calling anyone okay I was going to call a
well I'm not going to tell you who
okay but a couple of YouTubers that Well I
say damn [ __ ] we're here next to each
other I'm going to see him in person I'm going
to give him a hug and I'm leaving okay
but
but and when I was leaving Madrid I don't
know how to tell you the area but it's like
already leaving the neighborhoods not the neighborhoods
that are like outside mon a
kiss they stopped me a quin I save like and I
almost started to cry from the stress that
came over me with the heat okay with the heat it
got me like the heat pabloo
Like  just like I got it okay
eh I started I started to get
menopause super overwhelmed my head
hurting my head hurting
feeling bad okay And you know what I
did I did this in the car on the GPS and I
put Hostel looking for a Hostel because I said I ca
n't leave and the
closest Hostel was marked for me okay given
Lorena we can't leave my
weapon what's wrong with your nose Well
the
turbinates you have to touch them again the
turbinates apart I think I have
chronic rhinitis or sinus I don't know we're
in them we're in them but the
moment you have to touch the turbinates on the
first day I have
surgery well Total going to the
closest hotel that I had I was super overwhelmed
because of course here in Seville here in
Seville If suddenly you get a little
headache you have to stop to the
side whatever in a moment you stop
anywhere damn always find
a place but there in Madrid a dick
in Madrid a dick how disgusting man it gives me
many times and out there strolling around with
the car man because it's a dick a
dick a  [ __ ] in Madrid no dude and I
Lorena Lorena I'm going to cry
ask him ask him wait I was going
to cry I was going to cry because I was getting
overwhelmed I was getting
overwhelmed where the [ __ ] am I going to put the car I
put it up my balls Of course because you ca
n't park anywhere well I
say [ __ ] I'll stop a little in the
shade I take some gummies quo how
overwhelming Med gave because also
Lorena won't take my car she doesn't want to she does
n't want to risk it the truth I should I should
take it also for this type
of thing the pitopause
no alcohol And less if you're not
used to it Estela I've never been
used to alcohol as such
okay What happens is that well let's see
when I was young I drank Per well Listen to me there's
a video of mine out there have you not seen
my video This video of mine Look there's a
well it's that in fact it's not that there's a
video of mine it's that there's a person who for whatever
reason has to
see there's a person who for whatever reason there's
someone who has an
Instagram account okay  look, every
day I mean the account is called where are
my colleagues daily Okay and every
day this account publishes a video of
mine from 2015 that I had on my Facebook
Before I dedicated myself to this or anything
okay And this, well this is an end of
year this is an end of year that I went down
to the neighborhood pa okay I mean there I don't
remember what it was called the pa open
until dawn or something like that it was called
and it was open until dawn
okay And I was over there okay And well I don't
know why I don't know who I was
talking to in video call that I recorded
this guys my kids Ah no no no
yes I did this then This will be Of
course because I'm saying my
kids I understand that I understand that yes
I did this of course spokesperson 2015 it would
surely be 2015 surely day
184 Yes yes this account is dedicated every
day to tagging to upload This video
okay watch the video watch the
video I don't know if you know a meme that there was
this I'm talking to you 10
years ago surely this would be man I
understand that  it's 2015 2016 I understand
okay look at the face this I'm much more of a
kid no eh Even though now too
but well you know that I get older
like Benjamin batom okay that's what
my physique has and the and the thing It's that
this video was on my Facebook
Well here I didn't even know Peter That's right
eh look and there was a meme there was a meme
that was eh a man I don't remember
Why it was I think it was because of something with the
pollution in Madrid I don't remember I don't
remember or rather it was like we were already
quite a few subscribers Javi what Okay what's
up man here I would have Maybe
5000 subscribers I don't know a few
but but I don't remember why it was It's
better now I already know I know I know that
yes that's why I say it no but this was
a meme it was a meme that was a man
Madrid that said Where is Where is
the pollution that I can see it where is it that I ca
n't see it Where is it that I can't
see it it was a meme from that year okay And
sorry I knew you no Bla femen But
well if now  you all knew me
in 2016 well this can
probably be searched for eh if you investigate a
little you can find out what year it is
but come on I would say
2016 I would say 2016 for several reasons
okay No it wasn't my time well let's see my
kani time my kier time says kier was
your kani time Javi gave let's see my
kani time it was until I know 4 years ago or so my
kani time I came here kani already when I was 30 something
years old I was still cani I mean
you guys have reformed me a bit eh
even with with him this is true eh I
mean it's not a joke eh with the Pablo thing that
I talk to more people who are not from
Andalusia throughout the day I am
talking to a lot of people my
speech has become more neutral I mean you
listen to me in
2017 18 and such and you can hardly hear it okay
look Well this Here I am here
I am drunk the truth I mean
Look what's going on What's going on my kids My
kids good eh I'm here having
a drink  here in a p with my friends
a little drink and I carry and carry a and carry
a balloon glass like Terelu's a little drink
eh a little drink and I was
calmly carrying I was carrying six or seven eh
Look big drink Okay there and
Where where is the
pa Where is the pa Where is the p And
where are they where are my friends where are they that I
don't see them where are they that I don't see them that I don't know why I went to pee or something like that and suddenly where the [ __ ] have I gone [ __ ] I've gone to the fifth [ __ ] place and Paz isn't here I mean he was in my
neighborhood eh Thank goodness if not go
out where I appear The Movida is that
man when I was young I drank a lot eh I
mean let's see it's not that I was it's not that I
had a problem okay but I drank a
lot because I was very thug the truth
was I was very thug I'm not going to deny it no cl you can't
deny the reality was quite
quite thug quite thug and I went out
on Wednesday and I went out until Sunday at
dawn you know life life What do you
want What's going on now  I'm tidy now
I'm at home relaxing now
nobody's kicking me out but I used to go out on Wednesday
Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday
the club at night was for rappers
and I got a hard on rappers I
don't like rap okay but you
put on a looser shirt some
looser jeans and I'd get laid you know what I mean [ __ ] it
What a rap rap day could be rap
okay Thursday night your [ __ ]
mother let's go there okay And so
I worked that's it yeah eh hardworking yeah
yeah yeah it's always been very hardworking very
hardworking always always I've never
missed work always okay And I
often left the party for work and I went to
bed when work ended I was
already broke man There no there I had a
worse smurf because there I had a
crooked septum that's why I had surgery a couple
of
years ago life is not And so I drank a lot I
remember well I drank a lot I
wasn't used to knocking a lot of
clear besides what happens is that when
I get carried away I get carried away I get carried away  mess Look, there's
a very funny phrase from my grandmother
that I tell in the post that I have
pinned on Twitter because it's
true that what I tell about my grandmother
is true that I don't remember which wedding
of my
cousin but I don't remember which one of hers
I imagine it would be Veronica's there was
at a wedding that I was it's mine
doing my thing doing
my thing doing out there weddings
are weddings what there are no and and my
grandmother child child
Javier every time I see you I see you with a
glass and I say wow if I drop the glass I'll
fall at this time I'm holding on
to the
glass like that it goes It's true It's true that that's
true I told him I told him
a Scoundrel of the time eh a
Scoundrel I'm made eh Scoundrel
Scoundrel of the
time now later I'll see what you said
in the live that you criticized me
Pablo surely you've made me green
you didn't remember what a hangover was You
know what happens that on top of it Ah I
drink the legendary  Cola and I drank Barcelo
because there was no legendary cola I don't know if it's that it does
n't exist or if in Madrid they don't drink that I
remember for example one time I
went out partying in Barcelona and they were drinking jager jager
And I jager what the [ __ ] that I
drank that I only drank shots you
know no no but jaer they drank glasses of
jager it's
like host But this leaves you that
clear it leaves you clean it leaves you
clean inside but of course it's alcohol
but let's go that you flip out I mean that has to
disinfect your entire
intestine total The Thing that my
head hurts a lot that I'm very exhausted and
that today I've had to do a few
things okay you know what I've done today
and you're going to feel very proud of me
Pablo well of course I'm already getting a
bit excited the truth is I've been here for three
months now and the truth is that I'm
getting a bit excited I have the thing that
next week I'm going on
vacation and the coach too and I don't
want to lose much and today I went today I
went  to train twice it's
important that's
clear it's important that I've gone to
train twice kid Today I went in the
morning with the coach and now I've
gone for a while H now later after
well in the afternoon after lunch
I recorded a video for the
main channel that I had to be
studying the script I recorded it
after lunch I had to
run out for the ENT when I
arrived I went to the pool with the
guy when I finished the pool I
went to the gym trained again I
lead a very busy life Eh I
deserve a vacation now
eh I deserve a vacation eh the
truth is you forgot your towel and you had to
come back no I
'm motivated Pablo I'm
motivated I'm motivated I'm
looking at myself in the mirror and I'm motivating myself
dude no no but I don't do it every day
Eh I mean I did it today I've done it a
couple of times maybe I already go with the
coach almost daily okay but
then maybe if I find a
little time between video and video okay or
whatever or maybe Lorena goes I know
imagine somewhere and and I'm  in a moment maybe
I'll get on the treadmill go
fast pin Pam I'm motivating myself I
'm motivating myself to see if next year I
can be on the cover No of Menel
No no how do you see it Pablo Menel You
think he
'll call me clear tarantula that's what I've been
doing I've been walking really hard
the coach told me not to run to
walk hard but not to run because if I
run I'll lose muscle
muscle mass listen to me
HM I have to tell you several things today
okay we have to comment on a couple of
gossip okay eh I have to tell you about
this
clip I have to tell you about this click that she
sent me she sent me our
Pili And it's a little ugly she has a
legal issue with her So let's see her
lawyers advise that she can't do those things
obviously it's as simple
as this let's see Marta Riesco has had
a problem with you and also tell you
something that happened to me today on Twitter with
a real lady from the Panda del
Moco Okay now I'll tell you when
people come in now I'll
tell you okay  eh There's a fight that we'll
take a look at now.
Our Pili also sent me some
screenshots here but I honestly would rather
go to Twitter
directly to see everything so I don't
leave
anything out. Silence eter I don't last as long as the
memory let's see if
I can find it let's
see Marta did
hers eha But this is
powerful Look here here here she
reported eh here she reported and
all the Marta risks eh I'm cracking up you know
that lai that I know with my physique and that she says
that I'm dedicated to the oldest profession
That's the cli that's the cli that we're going to
see now in the world has called my
agency to say that she has reported me
seriously she did this come
here let's see what Mrs. Paqui has
done was fight with Marta I
would love to see where it comes from I
would love to see what the first one is where
the fight comes from okay or so here
the move is that well, Marta has
done these things that Marta does not the
same as she did with dynamite and she
published Paqui's photo  ok and
you guys will say [ __ ] but you can't
publish the photo of piqui of course
the thing is not
that the thing is not that there is a photo or
rather the thing is that Paqui says
awful things about Marta I mean it's almost the
same situation as with the dynamite eh
I don't know if [ __ ] has said worse things
than the dynamite or her dynamite eh
but the Let's see is that you can't just take it
and pretend and we'll see with what
happened to me today on Twitter with a
lady who disgusted me and I'm
going to show it to you okay but yes yes I know what
[ __ ] said Now we'll
see it I mean look here we have the C I mean it
seems like an outrage to me but it's not
the first variety that we've heard dude
you can't pretend to dedicate yourself to putting
people down on live shows with a large
audience and on networks with a large audience
okay I mean you're not a private person
let's say you're not a collaborator of
a channel that's seen a lot on YouTube damn I
think it has 4 or 5000 viewers
every time it does  direct okay
apparently he showed a photo of paky well
he showed a photo of paky that
belongs to some frames of an
event that piqui attended and she was
seen Look, I saw piqui It's her, the
photo that Marta published is her why
Well because I saw her at that
anavid event it slipped in a few
clicks it slipped in to the one who said that, don't
censor it and then
uh I think it was at Ah I don't know if it was at a
Golden where the one with the birds also took it
out a few times
so what can I tell you? I mean what can I tell you that you're going to report
what you're going to report you
have nothing to report and I
told you when I told you when that [ __ ]
Evita Dinamita the
idiot Evita Dinamita I mean what the
hell are you going to report when you
dedicate yourself to harassing people on the internet
eh insulting them all day harassing them
all day accusing the most ugly things to the one who
catches the famous okay And  he answers you
okay Ah, I'm anonymous what the [ __ ] are you going to
be anonymous and and it's almost the same
situation eh I mean it's almost the same
situation you dedicate yourself to eh collaborating on
channels with a lot of diffusion your own
Twitter account has the same
diffusion as several YouTube channels
even more than some of the
YouTube channels okay You start every day
insulting to criticize for the physique I don't know
what And you're going to take it and you want to
report because you posted your photos What's
going on your photo is a crime I mean it's a
crime your photo your photo is on Facebook
beautiful your photo is on Facebook where you
work is on Facebook [ __ ] are you
telling me now something else is
that well, there have been other
situations in which yes, yes, yes it would
apply okay that you take the photo for
example that I take a photo of
Lizardo here and put it here and start every
day you know it would be different man
but after a lot of
serious things I mean is that you trust the grapefruit that you
have here here here is that you
have to carry it in a
Carref cart beautiful or so what are you
saying  in a live broadcast you're
saying here in a live broadcast that Marta
Riesco is not a journalist but rather exercises
the oldest profession in the
world and you with your grapefruit go there to a
court and you with your grapefruit go to a
game
girl And what are you going to answer when I
say No look it's that I was calling
this woman a [ __ ] I was telling her that she
was a [ __ ] and damn what she answered me and she
said ugly man you have it
huge over here you have it huge
daughter if you mess with people wait until they
answer you but the thing is that there are
many of these like that eh I mean many of them are like that
eh they dedicate themselves to saying everything to people
okay eh fist fist of Iron Fist but
glass jaw man no
I already know those things and a
few like that okay damn Look what he
says to her when he doesn't do it with with
this one when she's the one with the stye now that you can
hear it listen stye which is the
best you have in unot the best that I've
seen you is the stye Listen esca the most
real the most real s listen for you I
also
have for you  I also have send me
25 to 50 or 490 Because also not
only do I have nothing that I repeat to me before
has told about his personal life because he has
n't done it but I have lived a
story and my colleagues here with you and we have
lived this and we are going to tell it
today no because today is not the day we are going to
be cach it is not going to be the time but we
are going to tell it but eh you stop
threatening stop threatening because you still haven't
told everything how are you I mean you
have nothing to tell spherical fool eh
you you are you are foolish no matter how they
look at you you are also foolish no matter how they
look at you eh I am going to reiterate what I
put to you today on Twitter the little hands that
Ana Rosa had to get rid of you
had paid triple of what she
paid you triple Eh I know for you to have
been, she had paid you
triple this on the one hand eh that you
were already a journalist when you met
Antonio David What is nuc Antonio David
allowed
heo well in this context in which
both are giving it cane okay
HM  because let's see it's a cross Marta
is telling her and she answers her
To a certain extent It doesn't seem bad to me, I
mean, on my channel on many occasions
Peña has uploaded here and they have insulted
each other or one has uploaded here I'm
interviewing one he has said one thing
to the other let's see To a certain
extent To a certain extent that it doesn't
go too far the problem is the
problem is not what the other is
saying okay because what Paky says is
Pacy's responsibility okay And more in a
live broadcast I mean another thing would be if this
were scripted and Antonio Avid
knew what he was going to say okay No, let's
see This is a live broadcast you don't know how
in a live broadcast one of your guests can
react okay the problem is that you
feel like you like you
applaud him like you
support the comment okay That's where
I see the problem but well well and
that you practiced as such I practice the
profession of journalism I didn't see you I
saw you well I would compare her to another who is
older than that
but whatever It's that What is this
ma'am Well I'm telling you that for you
too it's going to  okay girl stop
threatening already stop threatening eh
stop threatening you don't scare us
man here if I had hit him maybe
a
little touch Javi has been the
jerk shooting at an empty goal for a long time but if that's what I
'm telling you
damn m Here I would have told him Hey, stop
here, no This is this, this is
ugly eh I mean Answer him tell him stupid tell him
stupid tell him Hey you're stupid [ __ ]
you know but man, this thing about you not
practicing journalism but I've
seen you practicing the oldest profession
yes it's the same one that said what happened with
Rocío Jurado That Rocío Jurado [ __ ] I do
n't know who I don't know how much no one no
one don't be scared listen to me it's enough
I'm about to change the story and
stop lying he contradicts himself
continuously Where before he said one
things now he says the opposite ones he's
adapting the story to the producer that he's
currently working with you
know what's going on that that then
also let's see this
that showing it with evidence and when
all that  his time comes and he is brought to
court and there is a
sentence and then you can see
all that evidence, probably
many of those people and you
end up agreeing with Paqui about
all of this that she just argued in
a pretty affected way and
yes, thank God I was able to
realize I don't know if any of you others
want to contribute something eh
anyway habitud would never allow a
collaborator to do, let's see, for example,
the other day a couple of weeks or
three ago, surely those of you who follow me
saw it, I had a very
intense debate okay in
which Aron passed a few
viral characters at that moment okay Eh then
in one of these the Dallas who uploaded
youtuber okay uploaded exploded with another one who was
messing with him who was also annoying them they
also started
saying things I don't know what and the D did
insult him what I tell you I couldn't control it I
mean it was a direct there was no way to
shut him up eh I tried Hey
please let's try to argue cross cross there
was no way I tell you it's my
fault you know but in this case there is a certain
certain approval  let's say
okay some approval then you
tell me that you went to the court to
say that he posted your
photo let's say this is going to be a joke in the
court because they're not going to
catch this eh I mean they're not going to catch this
if someone posts a photograph of yours okay
private not a photograph that has
already been uploaded on the Canal de la ave nocturna
okay if someone takes a private photograph of yours
and publishes it you have to
hire a lawyer and a solicitor
spend the money Okay and file a
lawsuit okay I said it at the time
okay to the evita Dinamita that it was going to be non-
exclusive like that I reported and I said it's a
lie look how much time has passed it's
passed a year has passed it
could have easily happened and I told you or I didn't
tell you Looking for clicks is not going to work report it's
[ __ ] because they're going to condemn her to pay the
costs what the hell is she going to sue that is a
civil lawsuit that is not a complaint
right Pablo Look Pablo is there Pablo
what kind of lawsuit would that be because
Marta published the other one's photos I
mean the lady has been touching eh the
grapefruit with insults a  a lot of time
and Marta goes and says well ugly you and takes
a photo of her that is supposed to
be anonymous but she is a collaborator of
Antonio's channel avid has a ton of
followers on Twitter and and she has been
insulting him for a long time for months Marta a photo of her that that
she was seen at an event on
YouTube okay so it's one they are
images of her that are on YouTube
okay And you don't file a
complaint we have to learn to
differentiate between a lawsuit and a complaint and that's what
Paqui would have to file if you
had Really this problem is a
lawsuit for protection of privacy and one's
own image what Pablo is saying that was what
Miare's father filed have you seen now that
Miare's father won a lawsuit against
Dallas for his image I don't know what it's
worth that everyone Wow a lawsuit
for using her image okay but you have to
file the lawsuit not go to court without a
solicitor and without This is what you have
done a paripa here and this seems to me to be one of the
most ridiculous in the [ __ ] world
man This seems to me to be the most ridiculous
in the [ __ ] world  you know what this is This is
this is the typical thing to do to
come to Twitter and post the photo
Paqui This is the typical thing to do it's
what alne said I don't know what she
said Send it to me in audio if you
want This is the typical thing to do
to come to Twitter and post the photo that
photo that this lady posted is a
typical form that they give you at the
guard court you put in the text and it goes like a
charm but they're going to file it for lack
of typicality I filed a complaint like this
against a guy But at first this is
here on YouTube and they laughed at me they
laughed at me that I was part of the group because
the paper said
the woman played of course they said that I said it
was a paper that I had written but
of course it was sealed by the court and they
told me no that I had made it
false and yes it is true it said played on
the paper okay And it's because you can see that
there on the computer well she is
writing it okay or rather it's not like a
Well This is a it's true This is not the
same, mine would be that I wrote it and it
said played that I remember I that I  I
showed it look look I filed a complaint the
same thing he's doing p here okay look look
I filed a complaint and I
thought that the photo that the complaint was worth it
I believed that later on they would
call me from the
court we would have to see each other there
hire lawyers and all that stuff
okay I mean I went to the police station and to the
court to put up an announcement that it was a
note that he had told me I don't remember
what he had told me in the note but I
put it up you know they didn't even call me in their [ __ ]
life they called me in their [ __ ] life they
called me yes it's many times with a lawyer
and with a solicitor the criminal complaints
because this is a
complaint let's understand that here what he's
putting up is a complaint trying to
put something criminal this, they're not
going to take it or pay attention to it they're going to
[ __ ] ha you know I mean
imagine what will be put on the paper it's not that it's that
on Twitter I don't know what he
put my photo and said I think
this lady is here for God's sake Ma'am ma'am
Please we are Julio go go
you come come with a
little umbrella with a cooler and a
tortilla sandwich damn she's not here
telling me nonsense about Marta Riesco I
mean if someone files a lawsuit for your
image she'll file it and I told you back in the day
when that idiot Laita
Dinamita was making up
that she had sued Marta I told you Look for the clip out there Salomé I don't know what these people who post so many clips you find them all I said it's a lie this one isn't going to report anything she can't report anything It's false This is to put it on Twitter
and that's it because it has no
arguments if you have arguments
Paqui come here here to telesalseo and I'll
call Marta and you two talk here
well look you told me I
told you come
here Here it seems to you pila rubio with
that photo that she posted on Twitter
tremendous nonsense okay And well let's
talk about mam racho in mam racho let's
talk about something else which is that I broke
down this morning From
[Music]
true Hey nice words Eh nice
words Pablo Yes yes  No, I'm telling you, eh, I
mean, Javi's bustle, no. Let's see, it
wasn't a world record, but it was the best
Plus mark of the year, well, eh, I mean, man, I was
giving him a pin, Pam pin, Pam pin, Pam. Don't think
that if you don't
finish it, if I saw this guy, yes, I saw him, comp
is Andalusian, what the [ __ ]? Yes, yes, he's Andalusian, what
the [ __ ]? Nothing more than they drink here
or what, it gave him a hard surprise
that I didn't know
Lorena, no, no, I had
never met her and apart from being a
very beautiful woman because she is very beautiful, yes,
charming, intelligent, affectionate, she
has it all, eh. Yes, yes, I like that one a
lot, for Javi and she takes
good care of him, let's try it, no, Pablo, we tried it and
here I have shared it with you, okay, let's
try it, Pablo, we tried it if it
seems okay to you, Pablo, come on, we'll admit it, we'll
admit it, the family
and this is one of the most pathetic things,
really, most pathetic, and not just giving
this lady the ball, in fact,
Pablo, we understand that we're going to sue her,
okay, come on, since we were already talking
the other day Pablo is going to send me to
sue anyone you can't be
suing every single person dude I mean this
lady I definitely think that we're
going to file a lawsuit
eh Because she has no limits she
has no
conscience This is a lady from the blue I do
n't know if she's also a moderator of
Antonio Avi I don't know if it has something to do with it
too you know but it's like super hyper
mega okay Javi please what do you think about
Abascal congratulating the
Spanish national team with Bisbal's entry his
fat [ __ ] and Abascal of course yes Look
one thing Lorena doesn't have a
lucky cousin let's see Pablo a
single cousin a single cousin
but let's see a cousin or or a
grandmother a cousin what does she want one for
What does she want a cousin of Lorena do you
want all these people
now you've got the
bug of parenthood now or
how No no pass nothing happens nothing happens no
pass we're going to give him his minute Because the thing is that
I have said this I mean like we
have to comment on some on some
occasions okay
eh I find myself Ah But for this
wait because of
course they're not going to me  come out the twits yes I get
the tweets yes I get the tweets
but I have the screenshot wait let me have a
second that lady is toxic to burst let's
see what I'm saying is that they are
messing around the other day with with tesa
claiming that the
profile picture was touched
okay wait let's wait I'm going to get
in because this is that this has to be
seen well because this is a
complete shame
one second
eh What's going on What's going on lne What's going on
What's saying alanne don't go eh that this
this This is impressive
really look man
come in this
lady tiqui tiqui Mia
Mia this lady is eh a lady that I've
only mentioned once
okay I don't know this lady Well she'll be a
hater
okay they tell me that she's not a moderator but rather nonsense from my accuser's channel Yes yes in fact part of the things that I wanted to file the complaint are accusations that she has made on the Channel of my stalker mm there was a day okay in which I only called her
attention I thought she was
Antonia's moderator okay But well you know it was
an account like that more or  less with with
repercussions no that all of the Mara
Azul challenged her and such Of course because she
is a defender of the thing Antonio David
she is a defender of harassment Antonio
David Okay then Of course there was
something that touched me touched me
touched me and you're going to
understand I think let's see if you guys
think that she should have touched me
or not
okay it turns out that I
find that the lady
is posting several tweets in which she
is accusing me of having asked but
all this to defend my accuser who
did it who is accusing me
[Music]
that by the way they have told me on
WhatsApp they are telling me here that
my stalker to this day continues to do a
live about me that today she did a
live about me to react to an
old live where we got along
well with nostalgia and that you have to
see
Hey again Or every day no no but it will
continue
okay
listen to me what this lady Pilar started to say that it is that
I had
asked for money for a hospital for children
with cancer and and I had been left with the
money is worth it But also with a phrase I mean it
wasn't like well they say their no no no
no every day Cristi every day
But how long ago was it, I mean my last
tet when was the Globes no no
but every day one day and another that no that no that no that no that no he doesn't
come he comes
to harass he doesn't come to create content and
apart from that He has a really bad obsession and
what about Pilar I keep telling you okay
also with expressions Pablo
likes what is not yours he is a friend of what is
not yours one of the twi is a friend of what is not yours I don't
know what not many things like that no that I of
course I understand that you at a
given moment because I understand eh who I
am I understand the impact that I
have up to there to a certain point I have
like very thick skin okay
m But why alanne what is it born from because
I don't know what is it
born from what I know is that when I get
that from this account well I tell you
lady 48 hours rectify yourself because
that is not like that I mean yes it is true that there
was a moment in which I Damn they
put a  lawsuit that they were asking me for
60,000 for having told a person he
has broom hair I don't know what I don't
know how much four stupid things are worth And I didn't
know what things were about and [ __ ] at the
time I said [ __ ] let's see if let's see if
this let's see if this is going to work and they're
going to ask me for 60,000 bucks that I don't
have or 30,000 no I don't remember and I
opened a crowdfunding
okay And I said look This is for this
also I said clearly no I'm not going to
ask for cancer but then I'm going to
keep it no no no This is so in case in
case they condemn me and I have to
pay 30,000 to have money to respond
because of course what I have what
four stupid things nafay nafay so you
agree with that lawsuit no
then what's going to fall on you I won't even
tell you No well if you agree
that that lawsuit is very
important not taking into account
taking into account that nter Play a little
for the same thing and without having a conflict  and without having
threatened him they sentenced him
to
1000 I understand
that yours is not you will be Completely
in agreement that aware that they are going to
condemn you no nafay Sara Total that I
said it very clearly This is for this and if
for whatever reason I don't need the money we
use it on something
like this it comes from the time when
things were criticized that we didn't think were right
from your supreme God Ah by by by by
Antony David
Ah well I did
n't know that I didn't know that
nafay he only does Yellow humor you don't
understand Yes yes yellow humor already We
were looking at some of the
tweets yesterday We were looking at some of
the tweets there but come on this is what I'm
telling you taking into account that the lawsuit is being
led by Pablo I am very calm yes yes
Just as calm as your
friends tank that Pablo is also leading it and they have
been very calm with the
lawsuits that Pablo has filed against them
eh ban the lne chala I don't know what the hell is
going on here that
the move I said it very
clearly This is for this and if I don't
need it it will be used on this
Okay what happened well that no
collection was made  money was not
collected because they also
thought it was wrong for me to ask for
money okay they also thought it was wrong for
me to ask for money for the trials
eh And they dedicated themselves to
massively reporting the crowdfunding and they threw it at me
Twice however today I have
found out that the same people who
dedicated themselves to reporting the crowdfunding that we will
talk about this because it is funny have
also dedicated themselves to sharing and they think it is
very good I do not know if they have supported it
or not but they have supported it at least in the
media the crowdfunding that
Rubén Sánchez has done The one with the knife to
fight in court against the
far right 50,000 turkeys that they have
given him eh 50,000 turkeys for the trial because he
fights with people on Twitter eh But
well it is that it does not matter who depends on
what not the who you know or whatever anyway The
thing is that the collection was not done
okay in the end that is what I am telling you
I that this lady finds herself
precisely with the account This
harassment with nauter flay that look nauter
flay there you have another  little thing there you have
another little thing nauter flay look at you
Peppa beltram filed a lawsuit against a
person who insinuated that she had kept
6000 of I don't remember what m no that
insinuated that she had kept I don't know
what kind of money and Peppa reported it
Ask your friend Peppa and Peppa
won the lawsuit and they sentenced the one who
accused her of keeping money for 6000
too, of some of that okay I mean nafay
you said that I kept some money from the
hospital that Pilar see irun this one
retweeted you by the way the gang of
the gang of Los Mismos if they get together
among themselves the bad thing is that this lady
is 70 years old and this nauf is well I
have to confirm if she is 18 20 or
something like that I mean it could easily be her cartoon
because you know what I'm saying
but oh well it's what I'm telling you T you
come across an account of this one with
a lot of repercussion Javi tomorrow at
10:30 We also have another one who
was also very calm exactly Pablo
[ __ ] so calm he couldn't stop Pablo
xa a kiss lots of five members xa Thank you very much
A kiss that one
was also very calm the one he
has tomorrow that we have tomorrow By the
way tomorrow I'm going to see his face man
tomorrow I'm going to see the face of the one who
was harassing me the one from the report on the
sixth and all this that you saw tomorrow we'll
see his face to see if we know Where he
comes from who he's rubbing shoulders with because in the end they
all end up more or less rubbing shoulders with each other
tomorrow we'll see the
face of the guy who did Pablo don't
forget tomorrow eh he took a picture of my
grandmother and my son the day he was born and he
put his penis
in the photos hard that eh Pablo don't
forget that eh I'm not going I'm not going
Pilar but it's being
recorded tomorrow he'll sit down tomorrow he'll
sit down I don't think it's not a trial as such
but rather like a prior testimony or
something like that tomorrow that one will sit down that one
was also very calm NF he
was very calm
too because surely they would also
tell him that nobody is going to  report that
Farolito
that roll ji Why doesn't Pepa do the same with
them and report those who are
telling her about the 240 because of the 40
if it is true that it has happened as has been
said that is why she does not
sue Here I am waiting for her to sue
me if she wants finally Javi How much have you
waited to suffer endured with that guy
Well there is still eh Julia
because I do not know when they will set the date for the
final trial what I do want to
see is tomorrow to see it to put a
face to it and I mean we are talking about a guy we
are talking about a guy who
sent me photos of me and him
putting his his member on her okay about my
grandmother and him putting his member on her audios
and calls all day long messages All
day long threatening insulting
Twitter accounts that the guy put up
Twitter accounts to say that he was a pedophile eh
ads well over there you already know not about
the ads and all that stuff okay
Yes yes That one was also very calm
Pablo is It's that I do not understand the desire
but well what we were going to about the lady
who  The lady is also very calm
The lady is also very calm
eh I understand Maybe you
find yourself with an account with a certain
impact saying that and you think it's
news you see Then at
first I don't tell you Hey I don't know what no I'll
take you and tell you Hey Pilar, know
that what you said is not like that it is like that
and I'll explain it to her okay The problem with
Pilar is that even when it is explained to her
that no collection was made like it was
done on the channel in which she
collaborates
okay And and she reaffirms it or rather she has like
a false pride a false
you know and she reaffirms it and she says not only does she
reaffirm herself but she says and leave me don't sue me
I'm nobody to you You for
me neither of course man of
course Of course that's going to stay like that
of course Okay what has
Ofelia done since then Thank you very much
sweetheart 20 pieces of members from
Ofelia since that day or rather the move
is the move It's that
I told her not to defame me that's what I
told that lady well what she
did  the lady from that day on was
appearing with emojis well she has been
raising the level little by little okay And she has
been appearing with emoji in every
hater account of Javi Oliveira in every
hater account but whether it is about telesalseo
or salsería eh or in other words she retweeted
all the kids in every
hater account a 70 year old lady
can you please send me alne I don't know if she is still alne
there on the earpiece Pilar
can you send me the tweet that she posted
getting involved and looking down on a kid
because she was in a
bad mood calling her crazy I don't remember what she
said to him can you please send it to me
that she posted two tweets to a
kid looking down on you because you were about 70
years old Of course now people will tell me
Javi Don't call her old old people are the
rags no But well she is not very old
for this she
is not very old I mean no you don't catch
your grandmother doing this and
cut off her internet directly 70 years old
retired and she dedicates herself to
retweeting any
hater but when I say  any hater I
tell you this and I tell you nafay and I tell you and I
tell you Javi the
canine and challenges things like Javi the
puppy Javi the puppy from the Dallas puppy
Dallas pet any tet that is against
me I mean we are talking about
little children Pilar I mean this is
led by a
kid I don't know from Latin America but I don't
know what country but aren't you
ashamed too old for this
not challenging little children who create
accounts called javiel canino
javiel
wigs what depression child with aspergès a child
not a boy send it to me Pili to the
asne please that I have it uploaded there
on my Twitter what he put the barbarity
that a boy put because he had
aspergès Well I don't know if aspergès or it's
autism eh or
taa or ADHD maybe it was ADHD it was ADHD not aspergès it was ADHD but come on he despised him for his condition to dalis dalis acendado Look at the account that retweets man I'm not telling you that a lady can't be in
internet Well I won't even tell you well anyway we'll
know okay But
look at Javi the dog from Dallas this is
a retweet from today eh Look at Javi the
dog from
Dallas Of course this lady is against
the thing not on the subject of Antonio
David no I mean a lady of 70
sticks Thanks Ainara
beautiful look look
how she insulted a kid from T
because she was arguing with him I
understand I don't know what I forgot the
context I don't know okay You know there are
many times when you think I know
everything and I don't know everything but of course when they
sent me
this my goodness with the one with the defect
published by himself it doesn't stop of course it
seems like a defect to him the ADHD seems like a defect to him it seems like
a defect but not happy
with this then he reaffirmed it in another eh
M
M he is
dysfunctional imagine who follows him Ah
well nothing like The kid has a defect
and is dysfunctional well he is also followed by
dysfunctional what do you
think is brutal
eh I called a sick guy an idiot
watch out there there are a lot of
crazy people of course now he doesn't  go say
old Eh Well of course now I say that
this person is too old for these
things no what is what I'm telling you eh I mean
I'm not saying that the people
here the the the
community here
of telesalseo okay mostly are
over
65 there are a lot of people in their 50s 40s okay you
can argue well I honestly
don't see my mother arguing on
Twitter also I tell you eh I mean you go
to a channel that can My mother does
n't want to get into YouTube because she
says that it will cause a lot of trouble for people who
see people messing with me
but of course
look at what she
retweets to anything from any
hater she puts an
emoji it's a
meme we could say look look look at this
eh Look it's a meme lady who is 70
years old it's a meme talking to a
kid who could be her
great-grandson talking to a kid who
could be her
great-grandson and who has an account
called javiel canino okay she will have another one
with which she watches me surely okay
apparently Javi  oliveira traveled to Madrid
for the evening I didn't go to the evening if I
had wanted to at the evening I would ask
by for some tickets and I would go to the
evening but we will go this year and
last year and maybe next year I
feel like it and I say and v Give me some
tickets and I will go Of course I don't understand
What's the thing about La Movida or rather because it's
an issue what I do for these
people I mean there it's not that I don't understand It's that
today the topic of conversation is
that they think it's wrong if I comb my hair if I
wear a striped polo shirt if I wear
jeans or shorts they
think everything is wrong I mean it's not that
they don't agree with a video
that I made of it's not that they think it's
wrong if I comb my hair they think it's wrong if I take
a red car or if or if I buy a
silver one we still don't know if they'll let him in
Well of course let's see if they'll
let him in Well of course if I had
asked to get
in As simple as me saying to
Fran Fran I'm going to accompany him to
Play of course they will let him in or he can come in let's
see I don't have the key to the
Bernabeu
I have to plan to go in to see it suddenly I didn't go because because it's not something that catches my attention the evening I've said many times I would have gone I would have gone knowing that Pablo and Cristina were going that they found out at the last minute and they almost didn't go and they
almost didn't go because they didn't give them
enough money
okay she found out on Thursday no no Pablo on
Thursday if I had known Well from the
first hour yba yc Give me two yba to me
from the first moment Javi offered me
whoever wants to go such Javi I'll see you in the
vada but of course first the argument was
that I don't think they are kids it's that they
are kids but if it's that I don't
blame the kids I blame the
70 year old lady Of course because a kid tells you so
Haha first I said The kid Haha it's that he does
n't go to the evening because he doesn't let
Dallas
and now Fran goes you know how that they
are
special kids I mean you're criticizing one
because according to you he has a defect because he
has ADHD but you get together  with Javier
canino
okay But seeing his best friend Dallas
never I am not best friends with Dallas It's not that we
are not friends we are
internet acquaintances colleague partner we
could say that Javi is the outcast
of YouTube since his friends Fran the
lawyer and Cristina were at the
evening and did not add him Pablo you did not
add me
Pablo you did not add me
man listen there the containers we
had to take a picture with the containers
Pablo we had to take the picture with
the
containers Oh really Tere if you
start saying nonsense I'll ban you Tere
says Tere 15 let's see honey Javi whoever is
70 years old Still considers himself the
young person I will also tell you I hope
you and Tere reach that I do not care yes of
course I hope that all of us who
are here reach 70 not 170 but
that at 70 years old you do not do these things
Tere there is nothing wrong with being 70 what's
wrong is that you are 70 and
do this I am responsible for what I
say not for what you
understand and such the lady here is a
meme  answering this is a meme But
look at this eh Look at
this is overflowing with ethics the Sevillian and he puts it
with a
z to all the hate tweets he sees the
lady puts it on her she puts some
little thing on it Total this
morning everything everything everything her
Twitter account is a hate account okay look from
Dalira from Javi el
canino a 70 year old lady
look and this morning I find that they
warn me about these tweets
okay this lady
calls herself retired and quite happy if
you mind getting annoyed and they have their
bio means of communication and
information okay And she says
Good morning to everyone worldwide the
big news of the weekend
champions the other the big news of the
weekend is champions
but to the big news of the
weekend to the big news of the
weekend I dedicate a
sentence However to the other the other
news that I like the most and to the one that
is my my reason for living and
waking up and going to bed
okay I dedicate all
this In percentage approximately we
will be talking about 5% the news
of the week is worth the big news of the
weekend  of the week 5% and 95% by Javi
Oliveira worth the evening 4 debai
performances and parties attendees attendees
Fran costs Pablo Franco and Cristina
seguí because Carola ar
Ai Gerard Piqué auron Play the shas María
Patiño no that this lady
is supposed to be super by Antonio David María patio
we give a
[ __ ] cares Abi princessita an
Franco this Pablo Franco and Cristina
seg
okay David vival Will pintamonas okay
Lola Lolita mar Luca mar pintamonas
Cristina seg and Pablo
Franco
r
r from Seville couldn't get in
my father's age God What a shame it
's a [ __ ]
shame It's
ridiculous the one
from Seville couldn't get in of
course let's see how I'm going to get in
the keys to the Bernabeo I've already said I do
n't have them If I had planned that
these people were going
to Madrid that I don't know what I don't know how much
Well I would have said ivay give me one
ticket for me another for Lorena because
Mrs. Piqui keb invites me kebai invited me
kebai sent me a  md and he said Javi
see you at the evening no that was
last year and this year he said whoever wants to
ask for the ticket and go you're an outcast
accept it already
man who criticizes the event Dallas and
Oliveira known for panic
point number
one this
year I do
n't think so I haven't said almost anything
against the
evening I don't think I have criticized anything about
the evening
last year man I criticized that the
poster was a guy a youtuber who
had caught a girl unconscious
drunk unconscious the one from est covered
to send naked photos without
consent to his friends of course I didn't
criticize the event I criticized that the
protagonist of the event was that
streamer with all the streamers there I
think my criticism was completely
valid and just as I didn't go there were
other people who also decided not to
go you've always said that I didn't call you to
see boseo fights Lili yes yes I look
if I hadn't seen David Fisal
two weeks ago and Will last month
Miguero I'm going to the evening because I wouldn't have had
another to see Will me and
I swallow 7 hours of the evening for  Seeing
Will for 15 minutes is
fine, but I've already seen him, like, I mean,
the only thing that's moved me are my
friends there in
Madrid, so what's moved me to
Madrid is that Fran calls me in the morning and
says he's going to move us tonight, I say, I don't
know, do you want me to go right now, I'll
go, but tomorrow Fran calls me that he's
coming to Madrid and yes, he needs
me to go and be with him, but not
now, every time he goes to Madrid, Fran needs me to go, I need you to go, you need me to go, you
need me to
pick you up from the airport, to be
with you, and he takes you, I don't know where, I don't know
how much longer, I'd rather not,
but apart from being known for Panit Coin,
ma'am, the Panic Coin thing is a topic from
two weeks ago in which I have
absolutely nothing to do with, like I've
known about Panic Coin, Panic Coin is
a cryptocurrency known for being the
currency of Dallas, but Dallas, in its own
right, has been on the internet since 2012 or 2011
and is known for countless
other things, eh, it has 11 million
subscribers, okay, and Oliveira has
many, many, many things
many topics that have gone viral not
the pan bicin the panic Coin has been a
topic that we have been discussing for the
last month okay the only thing I have to do
with panic Coin is that with my
money with my money I bought
cryptocurrency and I withdrew 10,000 bucks
Pilar with my money from my work I bought
cryptocurrency and withdrew 10,000
bucks and then I bought again and I lost those
are things about cryptocurrencies it's like that it's not
like a casino with my money from my
work and
Pilar not asking for cancer and that I
forget in months and I
keep it with my money
Pilar with my money and declaring to the
Treasury everything I earn in my name
declaring to the Treasury everything I earn
and declaring it in my name
Pilar How are things eh you have
balls @ cnmv and tax agency
will be expanding News about it you are
a cute pint And you are
ridiculous what the [ __ ]
you are a cute pint And you are ridiculous
are the
YouTube memes this But why
guaranteed fun I mean the big news  from the
weekend and its me
because I
told you because I
told you because I told you I don't know how
long ago that you don't, that you don't defame me
anymore In short, I
appear attentive to the tws that you put before
I speak to you
Look, good morning, with everything you say
about many of those who were at the
party, you didn't have the guts to enter the
rage of the excluded, you will always have to go
from public to
television sets and what's the problem with
me going from public to television sets,
lady, if you go from public to the Channel
of a stalker and they also raise a call
and collaborate with
her, I mean, I can't go from public Let's
see Paula Echevarría David, whoever
comes out of my balls with my money and with
my
contacts, the rage of the excluded, I mean,
lady who is 70 years old,
you are not bullying at
school, you are not at school
bullying, Ha, let's give, let's
laugh at this so that no one joins
him, I mean, we are
like ashamed of
this or
my thing Pilar Don't forget about
alcaras, what a cover, I mean  the photo
that Javi took at the event was when they were already
finished at the door
Fran would call it suspense it seems like it is like that it seems like it is
Inside just a photo of Fran and
Pablo marking their distance Pablo you were marking their
distance or
what were you marking their distance
Pablo But with all the [ __ ] face or rather
implying that well then
Pablo and Fran are there as if giving
me their backs I mean not those from the
evening who won't let me in but Pablo
and Fran were also marking because of course we
made a cordon
sanitaire here I don't know who she answers and
she says I don't know that he didn't get a
ticket I didn't get a ticket
but I
asked for it I
think he wasn't
invited to he
was opening he was opening the
md and it's the Ah I don't have my WhatsApp
and all this like this day after day day after day day after
day of course it's that you say
Well people don't even want to see Javi anymore
look who he took the photo with
and that's even though his soul mate Auron was
there and by who sends him messages he didn't
remember he has to go to the back door
to see what he sees
dude like a like the kids  bullying at
school like kids bullying at
school but also she's pulling it out of her
[ __ ] the two of them are that I don't know where it
will be I don't know who it will be But pulling it out of her
[ __ ]
completely No no pulling it out because you
say It's not that a one has come out that it would already
be pathetic if the lady was
making fun of that If suddenly
someone has told it but of course it is
based on these
accounts and lairum it was the cadora's birthday
Or they didn't
invite her and I
got here it says that it is doxing well This
is constant eh I mean the thing about charging
crimes this is constant Now the
lady who is very calm the thing about
charging crimes is like constant okay with
harassment accounts
girl with
harassment accounts they take a long process and more if they are a
complaint what are you talking about lady
and here I appear and I tell her look that on
top of that I tell her with an education that
this lady does not
deserve okay I don't know that she was left without an
entry and I arrive with much more
education than she deserves I mean she doesn't
deserve that she treats her without but come on for
nothing for nothing worth it for nothing and
look at what I
put on her Pilar Good morning my good morning
to the  2:18 pm no it's also not
to comment on that no Pilar good morning
I would love to know who
informed you because she talks like they
have informed themselves not that she has
verified it I love you and I love you all It's been a
long time since I gave you 200 and what it is
is that I am not
wrong anymore it's true It's true that's a good
sign eh that's a good sign a kiss
queen Thank you very much
man cuasar five pieces of
member today today there are a few eh Hey let's
see if we recover the 1000 in
telesalseo eh we are in decline eh
telesalseo We'll kiss right now
eh but of course It's that I stay Like
this when I see this 3000
visits clo These are things that are
sinking in No in the end you say host
Why do you pay attention to it No it's not that you
pay attention but it's already
curiosity because of course Many accounts
Many accounts sinking into this type of
lies no but apart From that In itself
Imagine that suddenly I was
excluded okay And I am the outcast they don't
want to invite me I go to the  evening They don't
open the door for me eh on top of that it's not that
but my friends are distancing themselves
and making plans without me of
course imagine laughing at that I mean
imagine if it were true you laugh at
that of course a person who laughs
at people with autism and with
ADHD laughs but not
man Javi you already have dementia they have to
remind you what you do you don't even
notice Yeah not the first thing that is a topic or
is news Spain wins the Eurocup I don't
think so no I that about football you already know
that it's so-so not news But anyway the
point is that Javi has taken his car and has met
up with his friends for a
night Hey but
forgive me
but forgive me Pilar another 10 Hey
a kiss a kiss queen Thank you very much
Forgive me Pilar doesn't it seem like news to you
that they tried to assassinate Trump or
whatever anything
any little thing eh that
occurs to me lightly eh
doesn't it seem like big news to you
that has gone unnoticed
no the point is that I have taken up and I have met
up with my
friends of course Well then let's see if someone
is saying this no because the lady
is saying no I haven't verified it
This is like this because she speaks to you like this
eh I verified this like this I don't know what
and I
tell her I think very politely eh
Pilar good morning I would love to know
who informed you And how do you know that they did
n't let me in I just found
out do you know What was the answer to
this directly to the second eh to the
second
eh to the second eh
man whatever but it's that he
answered No
entries found he put this
crappy t and blocked I mean why do you put
an answer and then
block what is it that the ladies have
with me What is it that Mrs.
DEA fifth has
with me damn if you're talking about me if
your account is dedicated to me I can't
ask you a question I mean you have an
account dedicated to a person who doesn't even
run into you and asks you a question I would
love to know who informed you And
how do you know that I didn't just find out and
deletes you
blocks you it's like well let's see The account
is dedicated to me it
was published last night after his
telesalseo
I mean these are real things that to me  they
leave me hallucinating
man, these are things that leave me with my
ass
broken Total where is the account,
look, you see it, news agency and
media, my greetings to Elton Joel, this is it,
eh,
fabric, that
eh Javi, in your other life you were a Don
Juan and in this life they are taking revenge on
you
Good afternoon to everyone,
worldwide, it seems that @javier oliveira, who
is this gentleman
here who doesn't speak Sevillian, the
truth is he doesn't speak Sevillian, but well, it
seems that Javier oliveira, despite saying
in his live broadcast that he had stayed in his
hotel, look at what a coward she
reduces it to and how she reduces it
to the absurd, eh, I mean, spending the whole
morning saying that I was the outcast,
that my friends were turning their
backs on me, that I had tried to get into
the Bernabeu and they wouldn't let me
in, she reduces it. Now you know, instead
of grabbing me in the face and telling me they
left the door, that I have the
information here and you went to the party and they would
n't let you in  enter Okay No no Oh it's just that it's just that
after after of of live that he had
stayed at his hotel that I had
stayed at the
hotel that I had stayed at the hotel I
mean I went to Madrid to stay at
the
hotel I must have stayed at the hotel to
sleep not caught I'm going to sleep on the
street
yes he attended the
IB evening your
[ __ ] Of course you ant this How do you argue with
a
person I mean you send a tweet
telling them can you tell me where you
get everything that you've been signing
in the morning and she
translates it that I told them if you attended the
IB evening well What can I
say maybe as a guest of honor but
without Dallas or the public knowing
without Dallas or the public knowing What are you
doing
lady trying to get these kids to
give you a laugh and and tell you
Oh my apologies if I was wrong and I
hope you enjoyed yourself with your friends and 3
million other people correct it I don't
care ah Okay then you didn't care about the cancer Do
n't correct it yes you
did I hope the same happens with
everything and everyone who  they have
published it who published it Pilar
malito four bad ones that they put Javier
canino it is that with someone like that it is
impossible to
reason and he puts someone it is with Javi
Oliveira with whom you have to
apologize you do not give a thing Of course he has
tagged Javier Oliveira from
Wisconsin and says she was not there they have
even confirmed it to me his lawyer in a
live broadcast who is
lying he was not there they have even confirmed it to me
his lawyer in a live broadcast who is
lying who is lying Pilar you every
day
who is
lying Go see mom at the bar where she
works
baby I am doing these things for real I don't know if something
else has to do with it
they are from a local roadside bar
yet Oh I haven't seen this one What the
[ __ ] is it Where is it they
still have to
prove that Lolly werta has not suffered
a
Javi paid us He says Fran Javi paid
Pablo and me to keep him
company he bought us a lollipop and
wanted to put me in a threesome [ __ ] Fran I
assumed that I think it was last
night I didn't remember I was assuming
during the day now I'm going to watch your
live broadcast at the salsería to see what  you have
counted but my goodness Fran you would not
take her to the sanctuary there with Oh what's it
called [ __ ] I'm drawing a blank [ __ ]
mozzarella with my
mozzarella that the Spanish Association
against Cancer gave her the data of
the
donut, I mean let's see this lady
who was telling me that I had
kept money that I hadn't
collected turns out that she says that I have to
prove I mean the other one doesn't have to
prove that I know that she was going to keep the
200 bucks this is tremendous
man does he think with the inus letter of the is that
these are special characters If he
was at the evening which could be even though he
implied in his live broadcast that he
was at the hotel so as not to
bother
Dallas so as not to bother Dallas but
I'm going to the evening or I'm going to
his house I mean maybe I went into the
bathroom at Dallas and that's why it
could bother him or not If I go to the
evening let them put it with the deer
a 70 year old lady telling you
this A 70 year old lady who is
rotating small children who could be
her  great-grandchildren and of course this type of
you is because he is looking for the support of
that one of those
kids because he had gone to the evening
okay I have spent all morning
saying no but now I am going to say
yes but that he did it so as not to
upset Dalas ma'am
come on but apart from that I am not even
fighting with her because I have because she
said that I have not gone to the evening And
if I have gone I have not gone to the evening
but what happens is that I have not gone because it has
not
occurred to me and Ma'am you are not
this lady you are not this one nor is this one
come on this this come on this This I do
n't know this is a
watercolor drawing that Ed put there okay but it
seems that I am not arguing whether I have
gone or not to the evening but don't say that I have
gone to go and that they haven't
let me in ma'am I don't have to
buy tickets to go to the evening I
tell yv I want to go I am going with my
wife and I go
ma'am well and Pablo exactly be it
I just have to hide from Dallas that I am
going to the evening and
Fran and his lawyer Pablo don't have to
hide it from them  How is this, I'm the biggest
idiot, let's see. These are people who
come from the era of television. Javi
is older people, older than
us, older than me, who comes from
the era of television and older than
Pope Mink, where these
things were told on the stairs, these
things were told with friends in the park or
having a coffee and of course now they
tell it in a public way on Twitter
or next or whatever, like something
to have fun, I think
people will be bored and they reach an age
where, well, the children are no longer here, the
grandchildren are no longer here either. Nobody is there and it's normal for them to
say these things and these stupid things
because it's what was always said, well,
that in the bar with friends, look. This one,
look at the other one, the thing is that now
they say it in public and they don't realize
that it has an impact, but they are
ladies who are like that because they
will be more alone than other people, what do I
know, but if I don't, if I don't argue, let's see if you don't like
me, okay, okay,
perfect, I mean, obviously, up to
there  I get to people they don't like me and I
realized how ugly Javi I don't know what but of course
a lady
has her account it is dedicated to me that I am that
that lady I don't know her I have not
done anything to this lady the only thing I
asked her once was that she not defame me
not to invent something as serious
as that I had kept money from
a cancer that is that that you will already know okay
but of course the thing is that she is
a 70 year old lady that
she said it in the live shows it is not that I am
exaggerating it that she starts looking for
interactions with kids who
are also Alis Veira the other one or rather my man
a little thing that it is not that you are telling a
lie but it is you
know what the [ __ ] you are hanging out
with a kid that you are looking for the
kid's approval let's go that she is not the only one eh so I
already tell you
that I have to change my perfume the
truth is I have to change my perfume
alanne told me the other
day alanne told me and I have to
change the perfume eh that
Frank is going to send you an audio and  I do
n't Javi, thank you so much for coming down
to Madrid, we had a great time, it
goes without saying, if you
wanted to be there you would have been,
without a doubt. And also, I've been feeling
very low for a couple of weeks, very
low in spirits, and being with you, with your
wife, with Frag, and with Cris really got me going
again, we all love you
very much, dude, you know it was a shame,
man, it's a shame, Lorena said it,
Lorena also told me on the way back, it was a
shame that Cris had to leave, eh, at
2 in the
morning. That was the thing that hit me, man,
the thing that I was
left with. That was the thing that I was left with, man, I was
able to be with her for
what, two hours, an hour and a half, I was
with her, but of course
I'm going down, let's go up, no. Of course,
if these people are there, of course I'm going to
take the car and go, let's go, unless I have
something else to do, you
know, I mean, how many times does Fran come down, Fran
comes, I mean, AC doesn't come, right now,
and in
fact, anyway, pathetic. Let's see, let's see.
what you told me Now I'll watch
your live Pablo at the salsería
now I'm going to watch it they told me that you've
made me green you won't let me
drink in
peace tell me Hey but yes
Pilar eh eh recommend me damn [ __ ]
recommend me that botos or whatever you
have in the photo I'm here with
personal trainers with
operations on my face I don't know what I don't know
how much and I can't get that skin my
weapon exactly Estela or I mean let's
see if I take the car and go see
Paula Echevarría well let's see the
comparison wasn't worth it I was going to say I was going to
say if I take the car over there to Pablo
Echevarría I'm not going to see Fran
not because of Pablo Echevarría Fran I would go by
car right now to Asturias but now
eh I mean Javi tells me look Pao
says if you want to eat a maona
with and I've done 100 Pete for you Fran
for you Fran I already saw you yesterday okay I already
saw you yesterday Fran already eh
See you winter around there okay  Don't warn me
again Yes By the way Agustín is your uh where is it
No I don't know I just remembered
Sorry I got along with everyone
Hey in the end what happened with Olga in the end what happened with
Olga was a
collaboration of going to comment
survivor and I'm here already speculating
[ __ ] I don't know
what you'll see like Put Antonio
David Peron Perona
ag representative and partner I don't know and you
have a partner no I'm not going to talk about how
bad it looked here uh how bad it looked uh
I didn't like that way of Olga no no me
neither eh I do
n't know what she's going to tell me I'm not
going to say anything girl Olga Moreno
keeps getting tense in front of questions
as normal as her love life
questions that she has already answered in
magazines prior to a contract with many
green bills Oh by the way speaking
of contracts don't forget What is
this clique is that I'm already running out of
time it's 12 I have to go to the
salseria In fact I have to eat something I have to
eat something before going to the
salseria
[Applause]
you did well  Javi de Hoyos Okay,
tell us what's going on with Valery please.
Well, look, I received this message
10 minutes ago, look, Valeri, she's going to
talk. I'm leaving. Valeri.
Okay,
Valerie, I was talking to her
yesterday, but of course, of course, there's something going on, there's something going on, there's something going on with Valery, who passed me to her representative. Of course, of course, let's
see, she passed me to her representative
over here. I'm not in
talks with the representative, but
of course, it seems to me that with 800 members, we're not going to
bring Valery, uh, family,
Valeri, [ __ ]. She charges you 15 bucks for
sex, she ca
n't charge you for an
interview, you
know, well, let's see, I told her to
come here, to come here so she could
talk, but of course, no, no,
uh. I see her all the time except
when she's with clients. What
happened, Javi told me, for
a few days now, I won't be able to write to you anymore
because I just signed a contract and
as soon as my truth comes out, I mean, that
contract is an interview, Valeri just decided to
close an interview.  He said
that as soon as it comes out, he'll come
here for free because he says he admires
all the work that's done on this
show, that he watches us every day on
YouTube, and that he considers it
fair because of everything you've been
saying and supporting him these days.
So first, that interview will come out,
which from what he tells me is already closed, there's a
contract, it's no longer
speculation. V has closed a contract, he
just told me here, and then he'll come
here for free. Look, I c
paper paper paper
or audiovisual magazine magazine, he didn't
want that for me and [ __ ]. Well, it will be
readings.
Eh, I'm not going to watch this today. I'm going to
watch this now at the
salsería. It will be readings. Eh, I'm going to
watch this at the salsería, what is Auron's thing? It will be
readings. Eh, I've found a man who
makes me happy. Maite says what she just said is a bit ugly.
Maite. Forgive me. Maite.
Forgive me about the 1500 euros for
sex, I didn't say it, I say it,
they say it in the interviews and
Javier de Hoyo just said
[Music]
and Javier de Hoyo  she just
said she's with clients, no I mean, it does
n't even cross my mind to
make that kind of comment. If not, if it
's not in this
context, Olga Moreno is celebrating her
birthday with Agustín, let's see, of course, the
logical thing would be for it to be on Friday.
Of course, because already, of course, let's see, it was, it was almost,
María José, the logical thing would be to close the
cycle and that on Friday it was the one who
wanted to take her and pay her. Javi
apologizes but why isn't that the case? Well, if it's not like
that, I apologize, but come on,
for me, come on, you're telling me,
but if María José Suárez said it the
other day, go for a walk. Anica, go for a
walk. María José Suárez said it the other
day,
man, now I can say that I'm with a
man who respects me and gives me my place.
The survivor tries to throw the ball
out, attacking Sofía Suescun,
but Jorge Javier doesn't even happen to her anymore, how
bad, eh How bad, How bad, How bad it looked
here, Olga, eh, And that she's going to go for free, as if we were
going.
Well,
well, what can I
tell you? After collecting if it's on Friday. Well, of
course, maybe it's on Friday.
After  to collect on Fridays I don't
know how much they will pay her but man on
Fridays they usually pay an average of
100,000 pavet maybe she gets paid
less I don't know I don't know if they will pay her
less or not but of
course then she goes on Fridays and wins there
or rather the save me
mmm Well what can I tell you the truth is I would have
liked to bring her but it hasn't been it has
n't been possible and one It's been two years since
Olga and her
representative Agustín Etien's relationship has been public
Agustín is simply very happy What's it
cost you to say very happy I am very
happy very happy from zero to 10 how
beautiful is she an 11 Agustín do you also
want to continue with her for
life like she said yes I imagine so
no agn I would love to is it
illogical of not wanting to talk about something that
both of you have already confirmed I just don't
understand this nonsense Román a kiss
handsome How
are you What makes Jorge Javier explode
Yes yes because I No me and that I in the
calmest way possible I have
asked you What is it Yes yes but if I'm not
telling you okay Okay but  that I
tell you calmly Well est barter there he
already realized that he had put the
gambill no conchi conchi conchi conchi conchi
ay la conchi
Ay la conch and Adela González to
Spanish television not to
Mañanero But why were you like
insisting so much on this Adela thing I mean I do
n't know is it normal No well she wasn't on la
sexto Javi they don't pay that much Yes yes they pay eh
from Fridays yes they pay they pay Friday bread
eh he will present Mañaneros starting in
September
mm he will present Mañaneros starting in
September you
eh Well they can pay him well because
in his job confidentiality is
vital it can take its toll man alne
but I understand
that I understand that talking about let's see alne
can take its toll on him if he starts
talking about clients that are not known in
public okay For example if they are famous
or anonymous no but man talking about
almost being is almost talking everywhere
not being is almost everywhere he
will have to give his version too No I
see it as logical and true he hasn't taken
Terelu's position but Terelu was not
presenter terelu was a collaborator what I do
n't know who is going to replace
aa [ __ ] what about the television
no what I don't know what I don't know Who is
going to replace
[Music]
sit down you
know is Jaime Cantisano
or so this means that
Cantisano is leaving my friend Cantisano my great
friend Cantisano
Fran is replacing Jaime Cantizano
s
man
Yes with Diego Arraval he said that he has
famous clients that he doesn't talk about he
almost talked about because he
paid him of course man of course no he didn't talk
because he didn't pay him Well of course it's true
Well no but not only because he didn't
pay him but because [ __ ] because let's see
why he's almost talking about her [ __ ] and he
's half talking about
her Mm how strong how strong well then
yes she is a bomb
Eh yes she is a bomb Eh yes she is a
bomb two very
different profiles I don't dislike Adela but I
don't love her either the truth I don't know the
truth if that
goes I don't know if that I don't know how that will sit with
the program The truth because
Adela I only think I only think Adela I've only
seen her is the position that
Terelu wanted yes man but let's see  I'm sorry
Terelu my soul be Terelu they kicked her out and
they put her back in because she moved the thread
[Music]
I don't know how to sit down to see that It's that
I Adela I've seen her presenting
heart programs from the
TV factory always let's see here
Mat Moro explains it let's
see let's listen to this now we're leaving
okay very well Well very well Marta you're going
for it all Since wh Until
she met the bird How many years passed and she
got it
with a prize true has it from the selection
what a joy yesterday to see our colleague
Adela who announced that she is going to present
morning shows from the stadium that she was
invited on Spanish television From
there she announced that she is going to present morning shows
this summer starting in
September she
is not the presenter of the
nuor it gave us great joy she has given us
all a very strong weight That was not the
position that Terel wanted but
Adela has kept it because Terel presents the
morning par but you you think
that Terelu thought she asked for it What happens is that
the
mouth doesn't and I know this first hand and she
asked a person who is no longer
there and they told her yes that when
cantizano was leaving that they were giving it to him it was
asked for by a person who wasn't there What was the
name of the Oh the one he got into it with do you
remember what her name was put it on put it on put
it on in the
comments box What was the name of the
content director who had the problem with
Elena Sánchez and in the end they
both ended up apart Hey how how was that solved it was it was
like a real bombshell the news when when
such but I don't know how it is currently The
Movida what was his name José Antonio José
Manuel something like that no and at the moment and at
the moment when the exclusive
about the daughter who is pregnant comes out that
person who promised it is no longer in
the position that he has to be in And then they
tell him Hey you promised me
this Ah that person who promised you now from
now on That talks to the
children haa with the
child be careful he got a huge
contract Clear clear clear but
let's see
[Music]
terelu terelu right now it's on
Spanish television and on tele5 the
two places are there
no people I'm going Okay I'm going to eat mentally
I'm going to the salsería Because if just in case  you
want to go over there okay there's going to be
gossip, there's some stuff over there
okay I'm sending you all a big hug
tomorrow I'll try to stop by here if not
live with a newscast okay
next week I'm on vacation
next week but you know I'm
taking my cell phone I'm taking my laptop I'm
taking whatever I need José Pablo
López just in case whatever might happen whatever might
happen okay I always take it and I
'm always in touch with you all
Likewise today I left you a
news compilation okay So go to the
channel and look for it and well this week we'll try to
be as full as
possible and while I eat while I eat
I'm also going to watch it
okay while I eat because if not I'll
faint now doing the salsería okay
spending two or three hours of gossip
while you all have to go to my
main channel Javi
Oliveiras
and I just uploaded a video Okay what
really happened in the
assassination attempt on Donald Trump this one that we're going to
comment on in this This is the news
of the year Pilar Vera and no that  Javi
Oliveira has gone with his friends to
get drunk. Okay, then I'm going
to watch it. While it lasts
20 minutes, by the time I finish
watching it, we'll
go to the salseria, what do you think? Come on, I'll
see you there in the
video's comments box. Okay,
bye, guys. Bye, guys.